                                            Welcome Message
		Chess is a two player game played on a checkered board with 64 squares arranged in an 8x8 grid.
Each player begins with 16 pieces : one king, one queen, two rooks, two knights , two bishops and eight pawns.
Each type moves differently, with the Queen being the most powerful and the pawn being the least powerful.
The objective of players is to Checkmate the opponent's king by placing it in a position of an inescapable threat of capture.
To this end, a player's pieces are used to attack and capture the opponent's pieces, while supporting each other. During the game,
play typically involves exchanging pieces for the opponent's similar pieces, and finding and engineering opportunities to trade advantageously or
to get a better position. In addition to checkmate, a player wins the game if the opponent resigns, or, in a timed game, runs out of time.
There are also several ways that a game can end in a draw.
Rules :-
a) Movements :-
	i) The king moves one square in any direction. The king also has a special move called castling that involves also moving a rook.
	ii) A rook can move any number of squares along a rank or file, but cannot leap over other 	pieces.
        Along with the king, a rook is involved during the king's castling move.
	iii) A bishop can move any number of squares diagonally, but cannot leap over other pieces.
	iv) The queen combines the power of a rook and bishop and can move any number of squares along a rank, file, or diagonal,
        but cannot leap over other pieces.
	v) A knight moves to any of the closest squares that are not on the same rank, file, or diagonal.
        (Thus the move forms an "L"-shape: two squares vertically and one square horizontally, or two squares horizontally and one square vertically.)
        The knight is the only piece that can leap over other pieces.
	vi) A pawn can move forward to the unoccupied square immediately in front of it on the same file, or on its first move it can advance
        two squares along the same file, provided both squares 	are unoccupied (black dots in the diagram)
        or the pawn can capture an opponent's piece on a square diagonally in front of it on an adjacent file, by moving to that square
        (black "x"s). A pawn has two special moves: the en passant capture and promotion.
b) Castling :- Once in every game, each king can make a special move, known as castling. Castling consists of moving the king two squares
    along the first rank toward a rook (that is on the player's first rank and then placing the rook on the last square that the king just crossed.
    Castling is permissible if the following conditions are met:[5]
    i) Neither the king nor the rook has previously moved during the game.
    ii)	There are no pieces between the king and the rook.
    iii) The king cannot be in check, nor can the king pass through any square that is under attack by an enemy piece,
        or move to a square that would result in check. (Note that castling is permitted if the rook is under attack,
        or if the rook crosses an attacked square.)
c) En Passant :- When a pawn makes a two-step advance from its starting position and there is an opponent's pawn on a square next
    to the destination square on an adjacent file, then the opponent's pawn can capture it en passant ("in passing"),
    moving to the square the pawn passed over. This can be done only on the very next turn; otherwise the right to do so is forfeited.
d) Promotion :- When a pawn advances to the eighth rank, as a part of the move it is promoted and must be exchanged for the player's
    choice of queen, rook, bishop, or knight of the same color. Usually, the pawn is chosen to be promoted to a queen, but in some cases
    another piece is chosen; this is called an under promotion.
e) Check :- When a king is under immediate attack by one or two of the opponent's pieces, it is said to be in Check.
    A move in response to a check is legal only if it results in a position where the king is no longer in check. This can involve capturing
    the checking piece; interposing a piece between the checking piece and the king (which is possible only if the attacking piece is a queen,
    rook, or bishop and there is a square between it and the king) or moving the king to a square where it is not under attack.
f) Checkmate :- Checkmate occurs when the opponent's king is in check, and there is no legal way to remove it from attack.
    It is never legal for a player to make a move that puts or leaves the player's own king in check.
g) Draw :- The Game can end by a draw in one of the following ways :-
	i) The players can compromise with each other and can declare a draw by their own.
	ii) If 50 moves are taken, together by the players and no piece of either of the players is captured, then it can lead to a draw.
h) Stalemate :- If the opponent king is not in a check, but any legal move of the opponent will put his/her king into a check,
    then the opponent is not permitted to do so, and the game ends by Stalemate.
