Steps to the Play the Game :-
1)To start a new Game select option 1.
2)If there is a saved game, you will get an option to either continue it or discard it and start a new Game. If no saved game, a new game is started automatically.
3)As the game starts, you will see the chess board printed on the console.
4)The player's piece color is displayed, who has to make the next move. Uppercase letters denote white pieces and lowercase letters denote black pieces.
5)You need to enter the co-ordinates of the start and end position to make a move. You will get the co-ordinates of a location by looking at the board.
  For example, In (7,1), 7 denotes the row number and 1 denotes the column number. If you want to make a move from (7,1) to (5,1), you need to enter "71 51".
6)If the move is a valid one, the move is made and next player is allowed to make a move. Else, the player has to choose any other valid move.
7)Every time the player is about to make a move, the player is notified whether their king is in a check. If the King is in a check and there are valid moves for the player to       remove King from check, the player is allowed to make a move. Else, the game ends declaring the opponent player as the Winner.
8)If the Player has the King in check with valid moves available, but the player isn't getting the moves, he/she can enter "Save Me" to get a Hint Move which removes the King from   Check. "Save Me" provides a Hint Move only when the king is in check.
9)If the player wants to perform Castling, then he/she can type "Castle" and then enter the co-ordinates of the Rook, which is to be castled with the King. Conditions for the
  castling is checked and if valid, castling is performed. Else, appropriate message is displayed.
10)The Game does not support en Passant move of the Chess game.
11)Players are able to see the pieces of the opponent,captured by him/her on the console.
12)If any player wants to quit the game, he/she has to type "Quit Game" to end the game.
13)The player gets an option to either save the game or discard it. If the game is saved, the player can continue it next time from the same stage.
